com/example/mogulmoves/EditProfilePage.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.EditProfilePage
 com.example.mogulmoves.EditProfilePage$1
com/example/mogulmoves/MeasureExperiment.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.MeasureExperiment
com/example/mogulmoves/IntegerCountTrial.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.IntegerCountTrial
com/example/mogulmoves/ViewExperimentActivity.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.ListItemAdapter3
 com.example.mogulmoves.ListItemAdapter3$ViewHolder
 com.example.mogulmoves.ViewExperimentActivity
 com.example.mogulmoves.ViewExperimentActivity$1
 com.example.mogulmoves.ViewExperimentActivity$2
 com.example.mogulmoves.ViewExperimentActivity$2$1
 com.example.mogulmoves.ViewExperimentActivity$2$2
com/example/mogulmoves/ProfileActivity.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.ProfileActivity
com/example/mogulmoves/BinomialExperiment.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.BinomialExperiment
com/example/mogulmoves/UserProfilePage.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.UserProfilePage
com/example/mogulmoves/TimePlotFragment.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.TimePlotFragment
 com.example.mogulmoves.TimePlotFragment$1
 com.example.mogulmoves.TimePlotFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
com/example/mogulmoves/AddMeasureTrialFragment.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.AddMeasureTrialFragment
 com.example.mogulmoves.AddMeasureTrialFragment$1
 com.example.mogulmoves.AddMeasureTrialFragment$1$1
com/example/mogulmoves/SavedObject.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.SavedObject
com/example/mogulmoves/Trial.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.Trial
com/example/mogulmoves/HistogramFragment.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.HistogramFragment
 com.example.mogulmoves.HistogramFragment$1
 com.example.mogulmoves.HistogramFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
com/example/mogulmoves/Message.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.Message
com/example/mogulmoves/TrialSerializer.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.TrialSerializer
com/example/mogulmoves/DatabaseHandler.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.DatabaseHandler
 com.example.mogulmoves.DatabaseHandler$1
 com.example.mogulmoves.DatabaseHandler$2
com/example/mogulmoves/MainActivity.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.MainActivity
 com.example.mogulmoves.MainActivity$1
 com.example.mogulmoves.MainActivity$2
 com.example.mogulmoves.MainActivity$2$1
 com.example.mogulmoves.MainActivity$2$2
 com.example.mogulmoves.MainActivity$2$2$1
 com.example.mogulmoves.MainActivity$2$2$1$1
 com.example.mogulmoves.MainActivity$2$2$1$2
com/example/mogulmoves/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.BuildConfig
com/example/mogulmoves/StatCalculator.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.StatCalculator
com/example/mogulmoves/AddCountTrialFragment.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.AddCountTrialFragment
 com.example.mogulmoves.AddCountTrialFragment$1
com/example/mogulmoves/ObjectContext.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.ObjectContext
com/example/mogulmoves/NonNegativeCountTrial.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.NonNegativeCountTrial
com/example/mogulmoves/AddNNCountTrialFragment.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.AddNNCountTrialFragment
 com.example.mogulmoves.AddNNCountTrialFragment$1
 com.example.mogulmoves.AddNNCountTrialFragment$1$1
com/example/mogulmoves/User.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.User
com/example/mogulmoves/MessageSerializer.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.MessageSerializer
com/example/mogulmoves/NewExperimentActivity.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.NewExperimentActivity
com/example/mogulmoves/EditCountTrialFragment.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.EditCountTrialFragment
 com.example.mogulmoves.EditCountTrialFragment$1
 com.example.mogulmoves.EditCountTrialFragment$2
com/example/mogulmoves/Experiment.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.Experiment
com/example/mogulmoves/GeoTrial.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.GeoTrial
com/example/mogulmoves/GeoExperiment.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.GeoExperiment
com/example/mogulmoves/MeasureTrial.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.MeasureTrial
com/example/mogulmoves/UserSerializer.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.UserSerializer
com/example/mogulmoves/AddBinomialTrialFragment.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.AddBinomialTrialFragment
 com.example.mogulmoves.AddBinomialTrialFragment$1
 com.example.mogulmoves.AddBinomialTrialFragment$1$1
com/example/mogulmoves/ExperimentList.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.ExperimentList
com/example/mogulmoves/ExperimentSerializer.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.ExperimentSerializer
com/example/mogulmoves/Serializer.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.Serializer
com/example/mogulmoves/BinomialTrial.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.BinomialTrial
com/example/mogulmoves/CustomDialog.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.CustomDialog
com/example/mogulmoves/NonNegativeCountExperiment.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.NonNegativeCountExperiment
com/example/mogulmoves/IntegerCountExperiment.java
 com.example.mogulmoves.IntegerCountExperiment
